Future.md, before:

### DM-UY 1143 A Ideation and Prototyping
##### Spring 2022 • Katherine Bennett • Mon/Wed 2:00PM-3:50PM • 370 Jay Room 309

# Future Project

### 30% of Final Grade

## Part 1: World Development
With your group (3-4), you will work to develop a future world together. A world that is wildy imaginative. Yet it must be a world that is plausible and probable _in some form_. _Form_ means by some succession of plausible events. You are creating a world, where, as Hans Vaihinger writes in _The Philosophy of As If_,  "(t)he ideal is a practical fiction".

This world will be composed of the following ingredients:

* Government System
* Living Conditions
* Food Availability
* Economic System
* Climate
* Shared Values
* Work Conditions
* Personal Communications
* Information + Learning
* Transportation

(As a group, ?) (Y)ou must generally agree on the aspects of the world. As individuals, you may develop, expand, and deviate from these ingredients with regard to the individual assignments in Part 2. The depth and richness of your research is what will take you far. Do. not. be. cursory. 

Individually, you will research and develop 4+ of these ingredients, providing more detail for each that is based on preceeding histories (whether directly or indirectly). Create 2 mood boards that visually indicates this research. Pay attention to graphics, color, image and visual language to convey this information. Ultimately, all of this research (written and visual) will be shared with the group and will take the form of a shared Google doc with links to mood boards (slides, gomoodboard.com, pinterest, evernote, etc).

This research will form the foundation, upon which other assignments build off of. Hence, you will be using all of the research that your group (and not solely sticking to your own research) has developed.

I am looking for the following from each student:

* Mood Board
* Mind Maps
* Evidence of Research (ie, text and words along with links to moodboards and mindmaps) in a shared Google Document for the group

## Part 2:

Individually, you will work to develop this world with greater detail. Based off prompts in class, _individually_ you will create the following assignments:


* additional Mood Boards and Mind Maps (as needed)
* Concept Maps
* User Personas
* Future Object (low-fidelity 3-D prototype)
* Future Object (High-fidelity 3-D prototype)
* Flyer/Technical Manual (Low-fi) 
* Flyer/Technical Manual (High-fi) 
* Evidence of Secondary Research
* Storyboard (of/for presentation)
* Creative Presentation regarding world + your object

Commit message:

update to the schedule regarding week 6 and the future project

Future.md, after:

### DM-UY 1143 A Ideation and Prototyping
##### Spring 2022 • Katherine Bennett • Mon/Wed 2:00PM-3:50PM • 370 Jay Room 309

# Future Project

### 30% of Final Grade

## Part 1: World Development
Work to develop a future world. A world that is wildy imaginative. Yet it must be a world that is plausible and probable _in some form_. _Form_ means by some succession of plausible events. You are creating a world, where, as Hans Vaihinger writes in _The Philosophy of As If_,  "(t)he ideal is a practical fiction".

This world will be composed of the following ingredients:

* Government System
* Living Conditions
* Food Availability
* Economic System
* Climate
* Shared Values
* Work Conditions
* Personal Communications
* Information + Learning
* Transportation

 You must generally agree on the aspects of the world. You may develop, expand, and deviate from these ingredients with regard to the individual assignments in Part 2. The depth and richness of your research is what will take you far. Do. not. be. cursory. 

Individually, you will research and develop 4+ of these ingredients, providing more detail for each that is based on preceeding histories (whether directly or indirectly). Create 1 dense mood boards that visually indicates this research. Pay attention to graphics, color, image and visual language to convey this information. 

This research will form the foundation, upon which other assignments build off of. 

I am looking for the following:

* Mood Board
* Mind Maps
* Evidence of Research (ie, text and words along with links to moodboards and mindmaps) 

All posted to your Process Site under the "Future Project Tab"

## Part 2:

You will develop this world and project through the following assignments over the next several weeks:


* additional Mood Boards and Mind Maps (as needed)
* Concept Maps
* User Personas
* Future Object (low-fidelity 3-D prototype)
* Future Object (High-fidelity 3-D prototype)
* Flyer/Technical Manual (Low-fi) 
* Flyer/Technical Manual (High-fi) 
* Evidence of Secondary Research
* Storyboard (of/for presentation)
* Creative Presentation regarding world + your object
