Time_Management_System.md, before:

### DM-UY 1143 A Ideation and Prototyping
##### Spring 2022 • Katherine Bennett • Mon/Wed 2:00PM-3:50PM • In-person


## Time Management System

### Part 1: Experiment with various systems:

Between weeks 3 - 9, try out each of the time management systems during a weekday, one at a time. Document the method and post it to your Process Site under "time management system". 

Take notes on the following. We will discuss these in class:

* How you approached it: When did you set it up for? How did your structure it? 

* Did your execution go as planned? Did you have trouble with the system? Did you have trouble keeping the system? If so, why?

* What else did you notice? What changes occurred.

* What would another attempt or iteration include? What would you change to be more successful? Will you try this iteration? 

* Will you use this method again? How much or how frequently or when would you use this?

* Week 7 only: Create a refined hybrid system or develop a new system that helps you be most successful. What is this system? Discuss it and why you are going to utilize this moving forward? 

### Methods:

(information for each can be found in <a href = "https://teaching.polishedsolid.com/ip/mod1/content/index.html#/list/jpo72fquYrIlo99cmkPQc6IJHr56Iyc9?_k=w9y2t4" >module 1 </a>). They are to be completed in this order, so that we may discuss them together as a group.

1. Eat That Frog (4 days)

2. Stephen Covey's time management matrix (4 days)

3. David Allen's Getting Things Done (GTD) (4 days)

4. Neil Fiore's The Now Habit (3 days)

5. Personal Kanban (4 days)

6. Pomodoro Technique (3 days)

7. Instead of managing time, manage your energy. Track your energy over 2 days. Then structure your next 3 days time based around when your energy is best, for each respective task. (5 days)

### Part 2: Practice

In weeks 10-13, put your refined system into practice. Document your successes and failures to your process blog under time management systems. By week 13, post final reflections and next steps.


### [Additional Resources](productivity_resources.md)

### [Recommended Journals and Planners](recommended_journals_and_planners.md)

Commit message:

Formatting of the schedule; adding in inputMap, reflection directives, time management

Time_Management_System.md, after:

### DM-UY 1143 A Ideation and Prototyping
##### Spring 2022 • Katherine Bennett • Mon/Wed 2:00PM-3:50PM • In-person


## Time Management System

### Part 1: Experiment with various systems:

Between weeks 3 - 9, try out each of the time management systems during a weekday, one at a time. Document the method and post it to your Process Site under "time management system". 

Take notes on the following. We will discuss these in class:

* How you approached it: When did you set it up for? How did your structure it? 

* Did your execution go as planned? Did you have trouble with the system? Did you have trouble keeping the system? If so, why?

* What else did you notice? What changes occurred.

* What would another attempt or iteration include? What would you change to be more successful? Will you try this iteration? 

* Will you use this method again? How much or how frequently or when would you use this?

* Week 7 only: Create a refined hybrid system or develop a new system that helps you be most successful. What is this system? Discuss it and why you are going to utilize this moving forward? 

### Methods:

(information for each can be found in <a href = "https://teaching.polishedsolid.com/ip/mod1/content/index.html#/list/jpo72fquYrIlo99cmkPQc6IJHr56Iyc9?_k=w9y2t4" >module 1 </a>). They are to be completed in this order, so that we may discuss them together as a group.

0. Track your time over 3 typical 24 hour work days, in 15 - 30 minute increments AFTER the fact. Thus, this isn't a schedule. It's an after the fact reflection. Yet, it must be completed every hour or so. It's not a judgement. It's a simple time log. period.

1. Eat That Frog (4 days)

2. Stephen Covey's time management matrix (4 days)

3. David Allen's Getting Things Done (GTD) (4 days)

4. Neil Fiore's The Now Habit (3 days)

5. Personal Kanban (4 days)

6. Pomodoro Technique (3 days)

7. Instead of managing time, manage your energy. Track your energy over 2 days. Then structure your next 3 days time based around when your energy is best, for each respective task. (5 days)

### Part 2: Practice

In weeks 11-13, put your refined system into practice. Document your successes and failures to your process blog under time management systems. By week 13, post final reflections and next steps.


### [Additional Resources](productivity_resources.md)

### [Recommended Journals and Planners](recommended_journals_and_planners.md)
